gh-73965: New environment variable PYTHON_HISTORY (#13208)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-05-08-13-14-11.bpo-29779.jg33dp.rst

> Add a new :envvar:`PYTHONHISTORY` environment variable to set the location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new :envvar:`PYTHON_HISTORY` environment variable to set the location
```
